perched on branches bromeliads have no
roots in the ground below so they have
to make the most of any water that's
going there waxy rosettes of leaves
channel the rain into a central tank
some can store as much as 10 liters each
little green aquarium supports its own
web of life mosquitoes lay their eggs in
them and the larvae attract predators
like water beetles the plant benefits
from the insects waste products they
provide nitrogen hard to come by without
roots in the soil
when the rain stops any moisture soon
evaporates in the tropical heat the
treetops can be more like a desert than
a forest if a monkey needs a drink
there's only one place to go
bromeliads are like water holes in the
desert
these miniature oases are often the only
source of water for creatures that never
go down to the ground
exposed to the Sun the forest canopy is
a different world
one of unexpected extremes birds are
quick to take advantage of these
swimming pools in the sky bathing is
more than a mere luxury this helps to
keep their feathers in peak condition
[Music]
each visitor seems more colorful than
the last of a paradise Tanager must be
the star of this parade of bathing
beauties
[Music]
you